feat: save the type of response made by an interaction response (#737)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/737.feature.rst

> Store the type of the interaction response as :class:`InteractionResponse.response_type`, which contains the type of the response made, if any.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add :class:`InteractionResponse.response_type`, which contains the type of the response made, if any.
```
